some of the problems that come to my death. Um, and one I remember particularly
we had a sailor who actually did not have a driver's license.
Um, this sailor is 20 years old, 21 belay my last 21 years old and
had been in the Navy for three years and never received a driver's
license. Eso those were some of the that was to me was Ah, very, uh,
serious, uh, situation or issue because we have where you stand a
watch the command duty officer watch. And everybody here at the NAS
has toe have that watch, and it means that you have to drive a vehicle.
So we worked really hard his first six months being on board to
help him get his driver's license. Um, we the other issues are marital
issues with family members thes air personal, and we do what we
deal with a lot of personal issues. We have a sailor who actually went
through Ah, bad divorce and custody battle. We've also had a sailor
who was, uh, found, um, Well, his he was had a DUI, and, um, we had
to go to court for his do and speak on his behalf. Um, I was one
of the character witnesses. I had to actually write a letter. Um, speaking
about his character. They ended up dropping it because he actually
told on himself Hey, didn't hurt anyone. He ran into a rail, and
he called the police on himself, so they end up dropping it. But
a lot of, uh, issues like that, um, come across my desk.